chore(hackathon): add hackathon pages to community (#1772)
spinnaker/spinnaker.github.io: community/gardening/hack-logistics.md

---
layout: single
title:  "Hackathon Logistics at Spinnaker Gardening Days"
sidebar:
  nav: community
---

> Here's how we'll garden and hack together. Following these guidelines keeps you eligible for prizes and charitable donations, and sets us up for for maximum community impact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's how we'll garden and hack together. Following these guidelines keeps you eligible for prizes and charitable donations, and sets us up for maximum community impact.
```

> ### Creating a Team Slack Channel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Create a team Slack channel
```

_Even if you're starting solo_, create a team channel for your project in [Spinnaker Slack](https://join.spinnaker.io). Use the format #gardening-team-<projectString> and use a project string that describes your project and matches your repo name, if applicable.

> ### Project Matchmaking

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Join the project matchmaking session
```

The [Project Matchmaking session](https://armory.zoom.us/j/4083689830) at 8:40 AM PST on Thursday 4/9 will give teams and individuals the opportunity to pitch a project/task and recruit team members. Each spokesperson can take 90 seconds to pitch an idea and invite attendees to a Slack channel to discuss and organize.

### Creating Repositories

> Starting fresh with some new plugin code, or writing a tutorial? Create all new project repositories in [Spinnaker-Hackathon](https://github.com/spinnaker-hackathon). Name your repo with a descriptive project string that you'll use in your Slack channel name. _Note: Your Github handle will be added as a member to the Spinnaker-Hackathon organization after check in. You must check in to receive repository creation privileges. Get the check-in link by joining the [Gardening Central](https://armory.zoom.us/j/4083689830) Zoom room._

Reviewer: s/Github/GitHub/

> ### Forking Spinnaker Repositories

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Fork Spinnaker repositories
```

> Need to fork an existing Spinnaker project(s) to hack? Fork into the [Spinnaker-Hackathon](https://github.com/spinnaker-hackathon):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Need to fork one or more existing Spinnaker projects to hack? Fork into the [Spinnaker-Hackathon](https://github.com/spinnaker-hackathon):
```

### Join project matchmaking
The [Project Matchmaking session](https://armory.zoom.us/j/6807216019) at 8:40 AM PST on Thursday 4/9 will give teams and individuals the opportunity to pitch a project/task and recruit team members. Each spokesperson can take 90 seconds to pitch an idea and invite attendees to a Slack channel to discuss and organize.

### Create repositories
Starting fresh with some new plugin code, or writing a tutorial? Create all new project repositories in [Spinnaker-Hackathon](https://github.com/spinnaker-hackathon). Name your repo with a descriptive project string that you'll use in your Slack channel name. _Note: Your GitHub handle will be added as a member to the Spinnaker-Hackathon organization after check in. You must check in to receive repository creation privileges. Get the check-in link by joining the [Gardening Central](https://armory.zoom.us/j/6807216019) Zoom room._

### Fork Spinnaker repositories
Need to fork an existing Spinnaker project(s) to hack? Fork into the [Spinnaker-Hackathon](https://github.com/spinnaker-hackathon):

> ![where to fork](/org-fork.png)

Reviewer 2: remove the `/` from the image location
